so I come to the discounter at the moment to explain better you ask your attention
coffee expert
Their latest counter of Forest Eye TV are not sitting still and after the ring in 70
lv reeds and then they
Pitcher reduced to a thousand euro orally and also something very beautiful
to deliver
to the function of the elfferich well there he is
silver messed up with familiar menu
for a point through a runner that minute
of a
two espresso
two regular coffee
a bigger one
and a latte macchiato
and a cappuccino
can you with one
a button start operation is started hour per week
and very high class and then you see here
can't lose
among these
camps china to learn it is zemst system
to make a demo
at least a double espresso
and some what the market are talking about
some cappuccino
is terribly handy and it is also adjustable in height
now it's time for a scoop
then a cappuccino
I have to turn the coffee spout says he can start the ek
6 the other side was really inciting
I notice that the mill is a bit quieter than I am used to
later the randmeren returned to us
because to one
and that makes a difference it does make the system the atmosphere
whole
have entered into
besides that milk cup that have caught members of a different type that is
optionally save the chance with another cup of course or the suit
milk on the other hand tube
is included
now he is going to find fifteen barton peter drucker
for the coffee
to pivot to this channel
and then I'm curious
how it makes cappuccinos
because that is me
not only curious about
and also convinced that it will work out in practice
met via this number and that may apply but look at it
that image
it is built
I can still start here
that is a cool water market
could make two of them 21
in action
that's nice didn't have to be any time
we go to a very important element for taste
when coffee
here you have the adjustment
of the once
that is guaranteed to beyoncé that the facts stand
or to guarantee that we know that a nice coffee can come out
what that eye has is and
i got you for decaf
per portion
can here
ground decaf in for if you have a guest or yourself
that has a tendency to go
the z group
quintiq in the side heli
I don't know that trick
there is a robert you
and that comes out a book
that is suitable for people like you and me all
3 not the erp
read about this
then remains to be seen
everything in image and icon
costa's handy
the set group
step there
the coffee is brewing
there is the press chief
that's the thing that you
but all kinds of weird sounds happen but it helps
all the more so if that man has done his job
with ceramic discs which is very important
and the coffee is reached by 15
then you are done
this group ouvry don't put it's poles
because the machine does that itself
very important is the maintenance of the coffee machine
in addition to the type of rinsing of the z group
you have to descale
assume that once or six a year is therefore very important every two months
is that he next
descaling
the machine also has to be a number of times a year and we have to go with it
that is done with gun dil
and this pill
depending on the machine
is often added to the water or in a separate compartment
of course this is for sale
to tell us care for a whole year
people killed nespresso what do you expect from a car or cappuccino or a large cow
show
koffiediscounter.nl